hello everyone hello now i will go
hairdresser master on the procedure
quickly make volume at the hair roots like
she is in the way
at least as I awake than they
they said that for half a year this is enough
effect
but I think less hair
still grow we look principle
lower veneer times not that effect
guarantees that I am waiting
what is the volume of course because
what to comb well really tired of them not
I feel sorry for the hair they start to file
at least I don't read everything
grow a bang and that she was
compliance dangling let's see whether
vacuum effect or the amount we have to Chikoy
get dirty no less knew how looked
it looks to be grabbed me
liked it I decided to try
I certainly homemade fag pancakes on and all
things are done, I think nothing
terrible will not happen especially already
the deadline is coming up so so
went process I think let's take a photo
so I put the link on the blog below
yes and of course the result on the channel
also
but for now i went parkas
that friends here I am
I went back from the procedure already gustav
don't see what happened I don't know
of course that's how it really shows
there is a ruble and bangs are thicker and now well
they are not like that house as usual
now just a dryer
tilting down and the volume will hold
damn long procedure of course
it was done for three and a half hours with us
took how we did there we
take a picture lay on your
blog link at the bottom give a read
who is interested here I liked
just see how it is promised that
half a year should be enough volumes
on not see that they are like a corrugation
go here
curls at the root of biochemistry should then
there is no parting site let's see how
she will be like that
hair looks like a ponytail if
zavyazhesh that one god so
these are the pies I'm pretty for now
at least
we'll see and all should not be less
get dirty because all the same chemistry on
the roots dry very well
because in fact often wash
head already tired too so for a long time
I do not say goodbye to see you soon